[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: You're
writing this new book with
discoveries that are fresh--
>>FREDDY SILVA: I know.
>>REGINA: --and new.
>>SILVA: I know.
It's exciting.
All those islands around
Scotland-- and there
are things that there
shouldn't be there.
And archaeologists
actually agree with that.
Whenever we hunter-gatherers
interacted with these people,
it was always at times
of great tribulation.
But somehow, there
was always this hope.
--where one woman with seven
guys, and she is the head.
>>REGINA: One woman
equals seven guys,
I think is what you're saying.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
And that happens all
around the world.
The energy lasts for
six to eight years
after the real circle's gone.
The shape is just to
get your attention.
400 years ago, we had bubonic
plague, which wiped off
half of the human population.
And what did we get out of this?
The Renaissance.
We're told that once we've
given the information to people,
and I quote, "humans will
have to figure this out."
And there's a large
window of opportunity.
But the window is closing.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA: As we're re-emerging
from a global scenario that
has left our world
changed, some of us
are looking to simply get back
to normal, while others are
ready to reinvent themselves.
Taken on a larger scale, what
is seldom spoken about here
on Gaia and other sites
as how civilizations
have re-emerged from
large-scale catastrophic events.
Wisdom always rises
in times of need.
And Freddy Silva and
I are going to focus
on some of the phenomenal
breakthroughs that
occurred in our Earth's history
following great challenge.
Welcome, Freddy.
It's so good to see you again.
>>SILVA: Good to see
you again, Regina.
>>REGINA: And you
know, we're going
to go a little further
than we had planned on
in this conversation,
because there's
another part of this story
that we hadn't really
planned on talking
about that's woven in.
And we will get to that.
But I think it's important to--
>>SILVA: I'm shocked
and surprised.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I know.
We always go off script.
We should throw
it away, actually.
So I love what we have
going here about looking--
hopping around the world, and
looking at the various places,
and how--
what kind of incredible
breakthroughs
happen after we had
some kind of cataclysm.
But the other thing that
goes hand in hand with it,
and I bring it up
because we're doing
all this stuff on
disclosure these days,
is that other beings--
and I've mentioned you
in other interviews--
called the Shining Ones
often show up at that time
and help humanity back to--
well, they help us move forward.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: They help
with the inventiveness.
So I would love you to just
comment on that and how
the Shining Ones have appeared.
And then we're going to go
around these various places
and look at what they and
humans have contributed.
>>SILVA: Like traveling
around the world
without paying for it.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SILVA: I love this show.
>>REGINA: You had a little--
you said off camera, Orson
Welles said what?
>>SILVA: The Swiss
had 900 years--
the Swiss had 900
years of peace,
and what did they give us?
The cuckoo clock.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So that's what peace
does to a brain.
OK.
>>SILVA: Let's see
what tension does.
No, it's absolutely right.
I mean, if you look
at the old traditions,
whether you're sitting in
South America, or the Middle
East, or Mesopotamia,
or Egypt, these people
had this nickname called
the Shining Ones, one,
because, incredibly enough,
they had very light skin.
So they kept putting this
sort of sealant on it
to protect themselves
against the sun.
So it gave them a
shiny appearance.
But it was also a
nickname that defined them
as very intellectual people.
So when you have a high
level of intellect,
obviously, you have a shine
about you, a glow about you.
So it was a
wonderful compliment.
And when I read about
the Indigenous stories,
whenever we
hunter-gatherers back
in the day interacted
with these people,
it was always at times
of great tribulation.
So either the Earth had
been absolutely pummeled
by meteorites, or
sea levels had risen,
we'd lost lands to the oceans.
But somehow, there
was always this hope.
And these people always
show up at the right moment.
And suddenly, they say, well,
let's start agriculture.
Let's start with a cow that we
really can't do anything with.
And we'll make the
cow give us milk,
or we'll do some other
animal husbandry, or, I know.
We'll take some
grain, which is wild.
Well, there's a way
to domesticate grain.
And you can make
lovely bread out of it
and all kinds of
wonderful things.
And before you know it--
>>REGINA: Take the resources
that are there that we may not
have seen the value in--
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: --in our state
of trauma at the time.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SILVA: And suddenly,
you have a way out.
You have a positive
attitude to take.
And miraculously, around the
world, in little hot spots,
at exactly the same moment,
at around about 8500 BC,
a Tuesday, they basically--
we discovered civilization.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So I bring
this up because we're
being propagandized to
such a ridiculous extent
to fear anything other that
might come here to this planet,
fearing other, and these
horrible Hollywood fright
scenarios, and even
the whole release
or non-release, non-disclosure
from the Pentagon
in June of this year.
Even that suggests
that we need to know
more-- they already know, OK?
But we need to know more
because these beings seem to be
able to do more than we can.
And we better get prepared
so we can shoot them down
or whatever.
They may be a threat.
And I am so sick and tired
of the threat scenario.
And that's why I've brought you
up in other interviews, saying,
look.
They've been here historically
all along, helping humanity.
What do you think is
going on right now?
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: They're here now--
>>REGINA: --trying to help us.
>>SILVA: Even aliens
lock their doors
when they fly past
the Earth nowadays.
So what are we
complaining about?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SILVA: It's like, I'm not
going anywhere near that place.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SILVA: They're
totally not right.
>>REGINA: So-- yeah, go ahead.
>>SILVA: But it's true.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SILVA: And I think that
people in governments,
they do know what's
going on, undoubtedly so.
And I think they want to
have an edge of control
over the situation so that
they can be the first people
to have contact.
I think that's what
it comes down to.
They're just afraid that if
everybody else has the ability
to make contact
with these people,
then it's no longer
their domain.
They can't control it.
I think it's that simple.
>>REGINA: It's a proprietary
interest, and also technology.
>>SILVA: Very much so.
>>REGINA: Because
according to the people
that work in the
Pentagon and elsewhere,
we've been dealing with them
forever and already exchanging
technologies.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: It's whoever
can own it first.
>>SILVA: I mean, when we were
researching the crop circle
phenomenon back in
the '80s and the '90s,
we had the same rapport
with the circle makers.
And I don't mean the people.
I'm talking about the
people who are actually
making the real crop circles.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: There are two
sides to this story.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: And we had
our phones bugged.
And you know, back then,
you had your phone bugged,
because you had the real
phone, the landline.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
because you were one
of the early people
that was outspoken
on it, writing about it.
>>SILVA: Yeah.
And I used to throw the wrong
information down the phone
to all my colleagues.
And they'd give me
nonsense on the phone.
We'd already sent the right
information via snail mail.
People have to Google this
stuff now if you're under 30.
And yeah, we'd get the
information crisscrossed to us.
And we were always at the
edge and the forefront
of communication.
We knew where the crop
circles were going to be.
We knew the information
we were going to be given
and how to apply it.
The government always
had to listen in to us
to find out what the
hell they'd been up to.
>>REGINA: So you'd send
them north instead of south.
>>SILVA: Oh, the
amount of times we
sent the military
to the wrong field,
and we're sitting on the side
of a hill, having a sandwich,
watching the British military
surrounding the wrong field.
And we'd tell them,
you're in the wrong field.
It's-- we had a
lot of great fun.
And it wasn't dangerous.
We didn't feel like there
was a sense of danger.
But again, it goes
back to what they
were saying in the old days.
I mean, the Hopi
said the same thing
about these antediluvian people.
They were great helpers of--
who assisted us
escape a sinking land
in the middle of the Pacific,
whose name I actually
forget right now--
Kásskara.
I got to remember
all these names--
and that they helped us
go from stepping stone
to stepping stone,
because that's
all that was left of our land.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: Sea level is rising.
And it's because of them--
one of them was
called Anu-Sinom,
the leader of their
pack, who helped
a group called the
Hisat-Sinom, who
became known as the Anasazi,
before the Hopi reached
the Southwest of America,
where they are now.
And they said, yeah, they
told us to not be complacent.
Every 16 years,
move somewhere else,
look at the lay of the
land, and adapt to the land.
And that's how we survived
these great catastrophes.
And look at where we are.
We survived for, what, 8,000
years, before white people
show up, and the whole
thing starts all over again.
>>REGINA: All over again.
>>SILVA: So yeah.
So they've maintained
themselves in perfect balance
with their environment.
And that's what it
all came down to.
It was the understanding of
natural laws, understanding
what's happening up in
the sky, because you've
got to know Earth's place in
the bigger system of things,
because this happens regularly.
I mean, the whole thing of
catastrophes from the sky
is one of the reasons
why we built monuments
with big stones.
They were going to
last a long, long time.
And they all are
looking at the sky.
They predict eclipses,
meteorites, the calendars.
I mean, the Maya have calendars
that go forward, what,
140,000 years?
Why would a farmer
need a calendar
to tell them what's
going to be happening
140,000 years from now?
Because you'd be dead.
You'd be dead a long time.
All you need to do is have
a few sticks in the ground
to tell you what the
Earth and the moon
is doing to plant your seeds.
And it was all to
do with planning,
knowing how to be planning--
how to plan ahead,
and also knowing that your
position in the bigger scheme
of things--
luck favors the prepared.
And some people will not
make it, but some will.
And it's those that will that
you give them the information
to make sure that they don't
have to start from scratch,
like children or wild animals.
You already are prepared.
And that's why we're here
having this conversation.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: You know,
we could have all
disappeared 12,000 years ago.
But look at how
we've also evolved.
So there's always a silver
lining to these stories.
And that's what makes me
very positive about hearing
these stories.
>>REGINA: Me too.
Me too.
Oh, gosh.
I mean, I shouldn't do
this to you, Freddy.
But you just brought up three
or four different things
that take us totally
on a different path.
>>SILVA: Oh, this is
totally unusual for us.
>>REGINA: But maybe just for
my own edification, for kicks,
and then I want to share
something, Anasazi-- you're
talking about the Anasazi.
Years ago, I was going
to do a documentary
with a person I won't name.
But that person had access
to satellite imagery.
And they were an extreme
hiker in the Southwest.
And the point of
what I'm about to say
is that we have these
large catastrophes.
And then we have these
mini-ages within.
And what he had
discovered from people
that find all the mysteries
around the Southwest,
like Chaco Canyon-- where's
that road lead to, right?
And why these cliff dwellers and
so forth-- what he discovered
is that was an inland
sea not that long ago.
And the Anasazi took off
after that drained, basically.
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So I mean,
these little mini-events
have happened that still
remain a mystery to the state.
But they're not mysterious.
They're actually quite logical.
It's hard-- when your
water has drained,
you can't ride your
canoe in to your boat
anymore as you scramble
up a crusty hillside.
>>SILVA: Well, there's one
cairn that I particularly
like going to.
It's not an easy hike.
It's five hours
with five gallons
of water on your back in Utah.
But I love the solitude.
But if you look at all the
petroglyphs, and their actually
lifesize image of
the Shining People,
who they call the Lookers
in this part of the world,
they're 8 feet tall, which
is exactly how they're
described around the world.
But if you look at
all the petroglyphs,
they're a consistent 20-odd
feet above the canyon floor,
as though the people
that painted them there,
they're on water.
>>REGINA: Were
standing on ground.
>>SILVA: They're on water.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So this answers a
lot of the mysteries
that we still maintain in
the Southwest, at least
through formal
educational processes.
They say, oh, it's a mystery.
It's not a mystery.
There was--
>>SILVA: Ask the locals.
They know.
>>REGINA: There was--
yeah, there was land.
There was water.
OK, another really quick one.
Just to go back for a moment,
because we haven't talked
about crop circles,
and since I first
met you, 10, 15
years ago, you said
you were able to
tell when, because--
were you getting
telepathic communications
in the day from
the circle makers
as to where they would show up?
You said you would
know from them
where they were going to be.
>>SILVA: Everything.
I mean, what got me to write
my first book really was
my association with an
incredibly gifted woman called
Isabelle Kingston, who's-- you
wouldn't realize by sitting
next to her that she's an
incredibly natural psychic.
And she worked with the police,
with the British police.
Incredible-- I mean, they just
spoke to her, cap in hand.
>>REGINA: I've done
stories on these people.
>>SILVA: Let's figure this out.
And she'll give you
the license plate
number and all of that stuff.
>>REGINA: Real deal.
>>SILVA: And she accidentally
attracted information
from this universal
consciousness.
They call themselves the
Shining People and the Watchers.
And we thought, who?
And we're going to be showing
you messengers in your fields
about our existence.
And it's going to be helping
you for this next moment
of evolution in your Earth time.
And we thought, what
the hell are we smoking?
Well, it turns out that all
the information was right there
from the beginning,
all channeled.
And then the more I got involved
with it, and people around me
got involved, and we
became much more attuned
to what was going on,
not just mathematically
or in terms of collecting
seeds and doing
the usual scientific
stuff, because you've
got to do that to bring the
skeptics into the story.
Otherwise, they
won't believe you.
But once you realize
that you're connected
to this landscape
of mystery, you
begin to be much more
clairvoyant with the land.
And you can download
information,
to the point where it was
actually scary, in a fun way.
So there was one point in 1999
where I could actually predict
where they were going to be.
And I'd be off by only 24 hours,
only a couple of fields away.
It got down to that point.
And the idea was, which they
told us afterwards, of course--
or the management told us
afterwards-- was that, yeah,
we just wanted to let you
know that you can do this.
Anybody can do this.
Everybody has the ability to
communicate on a multi-level--
a multidimensional
level of communication.
And we're just one of
those sources, like many.
So we just want to teach
you that you can do this.
You can get help
from the outside.
And just because we're no
longer alive and physical
in your world--
in other words, we're dead,
relative to human people--
doesn't mean we can't be useful.
We're still, on another
level, helping you out,
as we always have.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>SILVA: You always get help.
It's called angels
or spirit guides.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SILVA: Whatever
you want to call it.
And that is wonderful.
>>REGINA: So you
were really-- you
and your group were
really dialed in.
And meanwhile, you're saying,
just have some cheese and head
north.
And you had beautiful circles in
the southwest happening, right?
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: I'd never heard
that part of your story,
and I think it's very funny.
I love it, how you
were misleading them.
OK, this is just one
personal quick question.
About, I'd say, 8
to 10 years ago,
there was a crop
circle at Cheesehead,
where a bunch of people had
been gathering right nearby
for a big outdoor
long weekend concert.
Did you ever hear
anything about that one?
I mean, was that real,
or was that a people one?
Do you remember?
>>SILVA: Cheesefoot Head.
I know it.
It's like--
>>REGINA: What's it called?
>>SILVA: It's pronounced
"Cheese-foot,"
but it's actually "Chez-foot."
>>REGINA: Cheesefoot, right.
I just wanted to
call it Cheesehead.
>>SILVA: English is a
bloody ridiculous language.
>>REGINA: It is.
Cheesefoot Head, right.
>>SILVA: There's been a whole
bunch of them in that thing.
I'm trying to--
I'm trying to sort of
separate the real--
>>REGINA: Well,
there were so many.
Never mind.
You probably wouldn't
even remember this one.
>>SILVA: There's been a
lot of fakes around there.
But the ones from the
'70s through to the '90s
at Cheesefoot Head
were the real thing.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SILVA: The ones
that came later--
>>REGINA: So the
one that I stepped
in was just broken grass.
Gotcha.
>>SILVA: But here's
the-- well, here's
a double side to the story,
because once I published
the information-- and someone
said, once you publish
this stuff, the
hoaxers are going
to know really how to make
really good crop circles.
And they actually
improved after that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SILVA: They began
to realize that they
could overlap their
creations on top of where
the original ones were.
So dowsers would go there and
go, hey, I'm getting a hit.
It's a real one.
Well, no.
The energy lasts for
six to eight years
after the real circle's gone.
It's about the energy.
It's not the-- the shape is
just to get your attention.
So they would put the hoax
overlapping the general area
where the original one was.
And you'd think that you were
getting the tingly-wingly--
very technical term--
the tingly-wingly.
>>REGINA: But it
was from before.
>>SILVA: It was from before.
So in a way, without the
hindrance that the farmers were
experiencing-- and
still are, by the way--
the fact is that the
hoaxes did us a huge favor
by drawing people to areas where
the energy was really there.
And of course, they
would get uplifted.
And that was part
of the technology
that they were using--
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>SILVA: --to uplift
the human being.
We had healing modalities
that came out of this.
We had increasing crop growth,
which the farmers noted.
Yeah, the real circles--
we know they're real,
because if you plant in
that area afterwards--
>>REGINA: Increased yield.
>>SILVA: --the crops
are outgrowing the rest
of the field by 2 to 1.
So there was actually-- we're
back to the same Shining Ones
again--
the technology's
in the land to show
that, yeah, this
technology can be
used to increase your harvest.
And we've used that
technology as well.
>>REGINA: So what's
happening now with it?
Because, you know, it's
something-- early 2000s,
everyone was all over it, '90s.
What's happening now?
>>SILVA: Mostly hoaxed, sorry.
>>REGINA: Mostly hoaxed.
No, I'm just asking,
because I don't know.
I've kind of dialed out.
>>SILVA: 99% it's all manmade.
There's no evidence to show that
there's a real thing going on.
And we were told that
once we're done here,
and once we've given the
information to people,
and published the information--
so I feel so used.
>>REGINA: And abused.
>>SILVA: And abused.
The information
would be out there,
and I quote, "humans will
have to figure this out."
We've given you the information.
Now it's up to you to work it.
And since, then it's
been mostly manmade.
They've been fine tuning.
But the real circle are really--
they're very simple ones now.
They don't attract attention
for that very reason,
because we go there, and
we start arguing about it.
Oh, it's so and so.
It's this entity.
It's that entity.
It's the government.
It's this.
It's humans.
Yeah, but that--
all those emotions
are polluting the energy
of what you've got there.
And what you end up
with is negativity.
You don't want that.
>>REGINA: No.
>>SILVA: So they're
saying, no, we've
got to make simple
circles, because people
don't get drawn to those.
They're not eye candy.
It's because we need to
basically, and I quote again,
we need to buy humans time
to figure out-- they're
in the middle of huge changes.
And you need be prepared
for what's coming.
And there's a large
window of opportunity.
But the window is-- now, in
2021, the window is closing.
And the window kind
of closes about 2042,
according to the
full Mayan calendar.
2012 was just a midpoint.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>SILVA: So we're now--
the window is closing.
And we have to buy time.
And you begin to see changes
in weather, all kinds of things
coming out of the ground,
creating plagues and things,
because of the warming.
This is part of
the natural cycle.
And they warned us about this.
But you need to be
aware that you're
in the middle of changes.
We're just buying you
time by telling the Earth,
don't overwhelm the
humans to such a degree
that you're going to
turn the coach slowly.
Buy them time to get
their act together,
because they will
figure this out.
And that's saying this
in a positive level.
They will figure it out.
>>REGINA: I believe that.
>>SILVA: And we're pretty close
to hitting a critical mass.
It's just that's
it's not newsworthy.
It's positive news.
>>REGINA: Right.
No, that doesn't make the news.
If it bleeds, it leads.
And so it's not-- so since
we have you on the line,
while we kind of move on past
the crop circle thing, which
wasn't intended at
all, but I'm very
glad we talked about it,
what, in your opinion,
was the most phenomenal
messaging, maybe the top one
or two crop circles
that you recall
of just phenomenal messaging?
>>SILVA: Ask me a
simple question.
It depends what
you're looking for.
I think now, in
hindsight, I think
it's the healing modalities
that would develop out of it.
And we were told that these
things have a potential
to heal.
They don't actually heal.
They're just
exchanging information
from one organism to another,
and it's with the Earth
and also with people.
And it's something
that I've been involved
with without advertising this.
It's on my website.
But I've never advertised this.
And people are drawn to this.
And the stuff that I
hear back from people,
what they've done
with these modalities,
are beyond my wildest--
>>REGINA: Are they using
the actual crop circle
image itself?
>>SILVA: They're using
the actual symbol.
And there's a whole technology
behind it, which I can't--
I'm sworn to secrecy
for a lot of reasons,
not because it's sinister.
It's because it's supposed to--
it's to maintain the integrity
of what was given to us.
And I'm going to stick to that.
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>SILVA: You know, I've been
given a huge responsibility.
I'm sticking to it.
I'm not deviating from the plan.
And some of the feet back I get
from people is mind blowing.
But I said, I don't advertise
this for a lot of reasons.
I want people to find
it for themselves.
And there is an exchange of
energy, which is actually
measurable, between people.
And people have done
extraordinary things with it.
I think there's the single
most incredible thing
that we've done.
And it harks back
to the time when
I would talk about this, when
we were doing experiments
with seeds and seed
growth as well, because we
were seeing the same thing.
The late John Burke, who
was one of the three--
>>REGINA: John Burke.
>>SILVA: --main people involved
with the research-- lovely guy.
>>REGINA: Wonderful, yeah.
Wonderful work.
He's gone now.
>>SILVA: And a lot of this, I'm
going to plagiarize his work--
>>REGINA: Please.
>>SILVA: --because
he deserves to be--
>>REGINA: He does.
I agree with you.
>>SILVA: --have his work shown.
He developed a technique
along with William Levengood,
who's also passed away.
There's a lot of death
in the crop circle world.
>>REGINA: He might still
be in the Gaia archive,
actually, because I
interviewed him prior to Gaia.
And they have my
original archive.
>>SILVA: He lives forever.
>>REGINA: He lives forever, yes.
>>SILVA: So they developed
these systems and these--
this simple technology
to do this seed growth
based on what we learned
from crop circle research.
And then that became
applied onto general healing
because of the information
we got from our psychic
to tell us about how they
interchange information.
Yeah, and years ago,
when I was in Santa Fe,
doing a conference with--
oh, what's his name?
Wonderful gentleman from
St. Petersburg, who I adore.
>>REGINA: Oh,
Konstantin Korotkov.
>>SILVA: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Love him.
>>SILVA: I won't
mention his title,
because it's unpronounceable.
>>REGINA: Well, he was head of
the Soviet Academy of Sciences,
director at one point.
>>SILVA: That's the simple term.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SILVA: And he was
actually at my lecture.
And I was going to
go to his lecture,
because I adore his work.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
>>SILVA: I said, yeah, I want
to test those little cards
that you have.
I said, thank you.
I said, how are
you going to do it?
Because we have a system.
I said, you have a system
to measure these things?
Yes.
OK, I'm going to give you ones
that have not been activated.
So they're just paper and ink.
And then you have
the other method,
which is something else.
And I didn't tell them.
And sure enough, in five
minutes, you got to read that.
And you've got an aura around
the cards that are activated
and going, yeah, they're here.
And he developed it.
And I thought, thank you
for proving that we knew we
we're on the right track here.
>>REGINA: I wonder if he--
he's the one that was
behind the development
of the Bio-Well and the GVD.
That's what that device
became over time.
>>SILVA: Wouldn't surprise me.
Wouldn't surprise me.
>>REGINA: And so
now this is used
to read subtle energy
fields among thousands
of practitioners
around the world.
>>SILVA: Yeah.
You can put your
fingers on this machine.
And in five minutes, you've
got a biodynamic reader--
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>SILVA: --of what's
right and wrong with you.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>SILVA: And I tried it.
And I said, oh, yeah.
I know what's wrong with me.
And absolutely right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SILVA: Very incredible genius.
>>REGINA: Not dying
soon, are you?
>>SILVA: Eh?
>>REGINA: You're not
dying soon, are you?
>>SILVA: No, apparently, I'm
destined to be here forever.
I'm going to sell my antibodies
to science, because I've
survived the plague.
And I've taken huge risks
in the last three years,
and apparently
appear to be immune.
So I'm very fortunate.
So--
>>REGINA: Well, good.
I'm glad to hear that part--
>>SILVA: I guess
I must have been--
>>REGINA: --because you
have a new book coming out,
which we'll mention
at the very end here.
>>SILVA: Yes.
>>REGINA: But now
maybe we can get
to what we were going to
talk about, since we've laid
a lovely foundation for it.
So let's just talk about--
>>SILVA: This three-hour show.
>>REGINA: --because we're still
talking about the Shining Ones.
So let's talk about
the followers of Horus
and the agricultural revolution
in Egypt, because again,
followers of Horus.
Let's talk about them.
>>SILVA: Again, Shining Ones,
followers of Horus, [EGYPTIAN],,
if you want to be-- get
it done professionally.
So 10,800 BC, oh, look
at those big rocks
coming out of the sky,
completely flattened the Earth,
begins the Younger
Dryas Ice Age.
OK, not a good
time to be living.
So what happens?
These people, usually
groups of seven,
with one charismatic
leader making the eight,
and of course, the
woman, who happens
to be the main wisdom keeper,
so one woman with seven guys.
And she is the
head of everything.
>>REGINA: One woman equals
seven guys, I think,
is what you're saying.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
And that happens all around
the world, oddly enough.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
>>SILVA: So they decide
to show up along the Nile.
And would you believe it?
300 years later,
they're setting up
the foundation
of-- what they call
the foundation of the
historic temples, the stuff
that you and I are
going to see today.
And exactly the same
moment, archaeologists
are amazed to find there was
an agricultural revolution
along the Nile in 10,500 BC--
animal husbandry, domestication
of crops, so on and so forth.
Oh, and most importantly, beer.
So they set up the
blueprint for what
was to become a sort of
a foundation, a safety
net, an insurance policy,
because they already
knew they had 700 years
before the next set of rocks
came coming out of the sky.
They were already planning
for the next stage.
And of course,
everybody survives.
They knew what was coming.
They were prepared.
Boom.
And then they taught us
how to basically evolve.
And that's how you get
these incredible flourishes
of civilization along the
Nile so early on in history.
So again, they're
doing us a huge favor
by sharing what they had already
practiced among themselves
with ordinary
hunter-gatherers to elevate us
from our level of barbarity so
we could become just like them.
And that was their whole point.
They said, you can
do what we're doing.
It's nothing godly or magical.
Anybody can rise
to this occasion.
You just have to
respect each other
and stop dragging the women
by the hair into the cave
and eating animals raw.
You just don't do
that kind of thing.
In fact, you can live--
in fact, most of them
are vegetarians, oddly enough.
All the gods were vegetarians.
I'll never be a
god, unfortunately.
I'm more of the Anthony
Bourdain school of eating.
So yeah, they taught us
the basic accoutrements
of life, astronomy, astrology,
mathematics, geometry,
and of course, temple
building, which
is very important, because it's
the dimensions, proportions,
and positions of the temples
which allow any diseased person
to walk in, look at the
correct harmonics of life,
and you walk in as a god.
You walk out
perfect and upright.
And I do believe that I--
I really do believe,
hand on heart,
that going to the sacred
places does give you
a certain inoculation
against life.
I mean, so far, knock--
I won't do it, because
it will ruin the audio--
knock on wood.
All the people that have
gone to sacred sites
with me or on their own,
they've all been pretty healthy.
And I think there's something
to be said for that.
There's something
about the harmonic
and the frequency
of these places
that does something to you.
It elevates your
body and your spirit.
So this goes back to 10,500 BC.
>>REGINA: Well, and
arguably, even before.
Arguably even from the great
continent of Atlantis--
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: --the
followers of Horus.
I mean, this goes as
far back as we go.
>>SILVA: Well, the King
List start ins 39,000 BC.
>>REGINA: There you go.
>>SILVA: Whoops, that's a bit
of a-- never mention the Turin
papyrus--
>>REGINA: Kings List.
>>SILVA: --in front
of archaeologists.
They don't like to
talk about that one.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
it's interesting,
because not that many shows are
really done on the Kings List--
>>SILVA: No.
>>REGINA: --which
does challenge history
as it's currently taught.
>>SILVA: It's a bit
of a problem when
you talk about, the first
king is in 39,000 BC.
Ah.
And then you have the
venerables of Memphis
that ruled for
like 26,000 years.
Ah.
And then you have the
followers of Horus
that ruled for 13,000 years.
So they were partly in Egypt
and partly in different lands
around the world.
>>REGINA: Well, and I think one
of the things that isn't spoken
about is that ancient
Egypt, ancient ancient
Egypt, depending
on which tradition
you're following-- in
the hermetic tradition,
they will state that it's
200,000 years old, that culture
is 200,000, meaning it
was running concurrently
with Atlantis.
And there was travel of
many kinds at the time,
as the visitors came and went.
And populations could be
easily taken back and forth.
>>SILVA: Oh, yeah.
I mean, the Sumerian King
List goes back even further.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: It goes back to
the lords of Anu in Armenia,
which is kind of--
I mean, the lords of
Anu were essentially
like the core group.
And they all lived-- they had
their own particular places
around the world.
So far, I've figured out they
had seven or eight islands,
most of them now gone, or places
that behaved like islands.
It's like they wanted
to live here with us,
but yet, they wanted to
be separate from humans.
>>REGINA: Yeah, understandably.
>>SILVA: And sometimes we'll
parcel out the information.
I'm not going over there.
>>REGINA: Toss them a bone
and run back and hide.
>>SILVA: They
haven't got any beer.
What's the point?
No, and again, they were-- it
was from them that they were--
once in a while, they would
leach out this information
and a certain prescribed method
to give human hunter-gatherers
the chance to elevate.
And they knew-- they
had the foresight
to understand that too
much information in one
go is not a good thing.
You have to have not
just the understanding,
but the experience of what
you do with the knowledge.
Otherwise, too much knowledge
with an inexperienced body
can lead to all
kinds of problems.
I mean, look at what we do
with technology nowadays.
We have a wonderful
computer to either tell us
what the weather is or help
us do some word processing.
But then look what's
also being done with it
as well-- the snooping,
the Pegasus scandal that
just came out as well with
the snooping around the world.
So yeah, this is very new
stuff among the human race.
And we're really
learning to abuse it.
So I think they knew--
they had the foresight
to understand that you
drip feed the information,
not because you're
trying to control people.
It's because they have
to take the information,
explore it, and develop
a sense of integrity.
And from integrity comes
knowledge, and development,
and responsibility.
From that, you
grow as a species.
So it tells me that the people
that we're dealing with,
that were giving us all these
accouterments of civilization,
really understood the
mechanics of psychology--
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm, they did.
Yeah, absolutely.
>>SILVA: --at a very,
very little degree.
>>REGINA: And not
only that, the cycles
of development of species.
>>SILVA: Which goes back
to why they were so long.
>>REGINA: This had
been observed before.
And as Barbara-- I was
talking with Barbara Hand Clow
recently.
And she was saying, there's no
way to avoid where we're going.
This whole notion of cosmic
consciousness, cosmic contact,
is inevitable as we move
into the age of Aquarius.
The age of Pisces
kept us more or less
trapped in this patriarchal--
there was a lot of
form and structure.
And there was a lot of
inventiveness during that time.
But now it's time
to move beyond it
and quit trying to
essentially own it.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
And I think we've been-- yeah,
we've been through this before.
We had the time before that,
where everything from like 8000
to 2000 BC was a lunar
worship society, mostly
around the world, so very
female-based culture.
And yet that got
out of control too,
which is what ushers
in the male solar--
>>REGINA: Tell us how
that got out of control.
>>SILVA: Basically, it's
the same human construct.
We like a good thing.
We started getting
addicted to it.
And before you know
it, you got power.
And you didn't
want to give it up.
So there's a lot of
control that was going on.
And the same thing happened
with the women as well.
So the men start taking over.
But paradoxically, you also had
the same problems with climate.
So we had 13 known catastrophes
between the Ice Age and today.
We know these happened.
And a lot of them happened in
the last 2,000 years as well.
So we are not immune to ice ages
or rocks coming out of the sky.
But each time it
happens, there's
a moment where we sit down.
We lose a certain amount
of the population.
And we take stock
of what's going on.
But that's also tied into
what the Chinese were saying.
The sky, and people,
and the way they act--
they're not separate things.
Human thought interacts with
the sky and the weather.
And the weather also
interacts with the people
and their behavior.
So it's a loop system.
So if we are getting
out of control
on a heart level
and a mind level,
the weather reacts accordingly.
>>REGINA: It's
affecting the Earth.
>>SILVA: And catastrophes
are drawn to people.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SILVA: So you have a
group of, let's say, women,
or men working with
female principles, that
are taking this out of
proportion, out of balance.
The weather reiterates.
Boom.
And suddenly, you say, right.
Now we have a bunch of
guys and women saying,
we're going to use solar,
masculine power, because that
didn't work too well.
It didn't end too well.
Let's try this new method.
And at the beginning,
it works really well.
Everything is in balance.
Everything is in harmony.
And in 2021, look
at where we are.
We've exhausted
that possibility.
We've taken the solar,
masculine energy
to a completely new level
of stupidity, I'm sorry.
>>REGINA: Stupidity.
>>SILVA: Really.
I mean, it's the
second-most abundant--
>>REGINA: Beyond
destruction, just stupidity.
>>SILVA: --element
in the universe.
And now we're
going, perhaps it's
time to recalibrate and
look at where we are.
Well, now we have new
progressive ideas coming
into the political spectrum.
We have new inventions.
>>REGINA: Women are rising
back into positions of power.
>>SILVA: Women are rising back.
And it's not really
about gender.
I think it's more
about people working
with a feminine concept.
>>REGINA: I agree.
>>SILVA: Because men
are doing it too.
A lot of male healers
are coming to the fore.
We have new technology
coming to the fore.
And slowly, we have the
roots of a new development.
So it's like the Ice
Age all over again.
We can see the ends of
something big happening.
But we've already got the
carpet that is taking us
to somewhere more positive.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SILVA: It's that
midsection that's important.
We have to ride that wave
of destruction elegantly.
>>REGINA: But the thing
is, we have certain--
I mean, we're ignorant
as to our interaction
with and our effect
upon the natural world.
>>SILVA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So, I mean, just what
you brought up-- the notion
that our own development and
emotions affect the weather.
Our own emotions and
development affect Earth changes
and the stability of the
Earth, because the Earth's
emotional body is woven
in with our field.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You can't
separate these things out.
And the Earth is woven
in with the atmosphere.
So I think it's very
important, what you just said.
And we don't really
talk about it much.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Our own
thoughts, and character,
and spiritual development do
have an effect on these things.
>>SILVA: Yeah.
Any Buddhist will
understand this,
anybody that practices Zen.
Ask the Zuni or the
Hopi, the Waithaha.
Any of these
indigenous people will
say exactly the same thing.
You're not separate
from anything.
Once you start getting into the
concept of nature's out there,
and I'm here, or god is
out there, and I'm here,
you're really lost,
because you are god.
You are nature.
You are an embodiment of
all of these natural things.
So for you to behave
according to your environment
is to adapt and to listen
to what's going on.
And once you listen,
it doesn't mean that--
you can lessen the outcome
of what's going to happen.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SILVA: Changes will
still be upon you.
But you can ride it elegantly.
>>REGINA: Yeah, but
you can soften it.
Yes.
>>SILVA: You can soften it.
It's like a-- surfing actually
has all the answers to this.
And I've seen this.
I understand, having been at
Asilomar and watched surfing.
And I go, that's exactly how
everything really should be.
You're looking at the wave,
and you're going, not that one.
Not that one.
Just this one.
And when you look at it as
a non-surfer, you think,
that doesn't look healthy.
That's going to crush my
bones when that wave comes.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: And look
at the way they
blend with the water
in complete rhythm.
They understand what
the water's doing.
And the water understands
that the surfer's there.
The two are wrapped in each
other in this beautiful sort
of bowel.
It's a really
elegant thing to see.
>>REGINA: It is.
>>SILVA: So something
as simple as surfing
answers the reason
why we're here
and what we're
supposed to be doing.
You've got a big wave.
Well, yeah, you can ride it.
And you can reach the
beach and then have a beer
and hang out with
some seals, you know?
>>REGINA: So, OK, yes.
I was going to pick
out a couple of places,
because we can put some
lovely visuals in with them.
Let's go to the
Isle of Lewis, OK?
Because here, we're talking
about this agricultural process
again, using the
currents and such.
This goes back to
John Burke's work.
>>SILVA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Right?
And what they knew at
the time, what they
were doing at the
time to advance this.
And I'm bringing it up,
because I know you've just
written a book on Armenia.
And this goes into
very similar stones
for the same purpose
of charging seeds,
et cetera, purifying
water, in Armenia.
So let's talk about that.
And then we're going to talk
about your new work, OK?
So we're going to
Isle of Lewis, OK?
For this modern organic farming.
>>SILVA: Around the world.
>>REGINA: We're
going to go there.
Then we're going to Armenia--
same stones used for
water purification.
>>SILVA: Yeah, there's a lot
of standing stones in the Isle
of Lewis, in Orkney, all
those islands around Scotland.
And there are things there
that shouldn't be there.
And archaeologists
actually agree with that.
We're finding an
agreement about something.
These things don't belong.
And it's funny,
because they become
the center of these
agricultural communities.
And you see this around
the world as well.
Whenever there's
a sacred center--
and a standing stone-- it
can't be any simpler than that,
really-- this beautiful
monolith, usually aligned
with a straight
face to something.
And around it,
agriculture just seems
to develop in a very
unusual pattern.
It seems to grow better
than anywhere else.
And I've discovered this
same process was happening
in Armenia in about 5000 BC.
And this is all new stuff.
I mean, we don't hear much
about this part of the world--
>>REGINA: No, you don't
hear Armenia at all.
>>SILVA: --because there's
so much warfare that's
been going on around there.
And I love that
part of the world.
I developed a huge
affinity with the culture.
And I've just discovered
that back in the day, which
covers a long period
of time, they were
putting these large rocks--
and I'm talking about
15-foot-tall monoliths.
Sometimes they would be shaped
like a bull or a fish head,
inside a cave, where
the spring that
would furnish the water
to all the local villagers
used to come from.
And the whole idea was
that the stone-- there's
some quality about it
that purified the water.
So you never touched the stone.
You went there and prayed.
And you gave your blessing.
But you never touched the stone.
>>REGINA: Now, did
the springs run out
from underneath the stone?
>>SILVA: Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: And around the stones?
>>SILVA: And around the stone.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>SILVA: So it turns out that
the stone itself had certain
properties, metallic properties
and crystalline properties,
that when you put your
intent into the stone,
just like you telling--
hitting Command-F tells the
computer to do something.
So you're sending a command
to silica in your computer.
Well, your thought pattern
also can tell the same
to the silica in the stone.
And they programmed
the stone to say,
right, your job,
stone, is to make sure
that the electromagnetic
frequency that runs across
at this site stays here, because
the electromagnetic frequency,
called the telluric current,
has a certain shielding property
on the water, which means
it's going to purify it.
It's the best water filter
you're ever going to get.
And that's why you protect
springs, holy wells.
Even to this very day
in the Celtic world,
you see those houses, and
the Isle of Lewis as well.
There's a tradition
called well dressing,
which was putting certain
stones of a granitic force.
And the granite has a
kind of natural radiation
to it, very natural.
And it just cleans
out the bacteria.
So there's a method to this.
Now, fast forward many
thousands of years.
You have this system.
And I think it was the
Perelandra system that
began this in America.
And there was other
people that were offshoots
of this system,
where they actually
developed the same
ability to develop
a system using copper tubes--
great conductor-- and they
would arrange these tubes
in a certain geometry, usually
in a seven-pointed star,
according to a certain
height and a certain width.
And that geometry, which just
happens to be the slope angle
of the Great Pyramid--
surprise, surprise--
anything that grew
within a 20-foot radius
of that little
construction in your garden
would outgrow anything
by about 2 to 1,
just like John Burke's
little machine,
just like the seeds from
the crop circles that also,
when we did these
seed experiments,
would outgrow
everything by 2 to 1.
So this is a technology that's
based on natural laws that
helps to induce growth
in plants at a time
when you might need it--
say, after a catastrophe,
or because you've got a
huge population explosion.
But the fact is, this is a
very, very old technology.
It was really being done by
our hunter-gatherer friends.
>>REGINA: So, interestingly,
you have learned how to speak
an archaic language--
or not speak,
but you have learned how to
read and decipher the Armenian
language to the extent you're
writing this new book with
discoveries that are fresh--
>>SILVA: I know.
>>REGINA: --and new--
It's exciting.
>>REGINA: --because this
is something we don't know,
and the link between
Northern Scotland
and the islands off the coast.
>>SILVA: Yes.
Without giving too
much information away,
it goes back to something--
>>REGINA: This
started in Sardinia?
Did you start really
getting piqued--
>>SILVA: It started in Scotland.
>>REGINA: --when we
were in Sardinia, or--
>>SILVA: It really
began with Scotland,
and really taking notes, and--
because I love it
up there, really.
If it wasn't for the fact
that it was so far north,
and you don't have much
of a sun in the winter,
and it would drive me
nuts, I would move there.
So yeah, no, I love
the Scottish Highlands.
I really do.
I feel very at home.
And I began to observe things.
And yeah, these things
don't belong there.
And I made notes.
So we went to Sardinia.
And we were walking around in
the rain, ironically enough.
And I'm looking at this,
going, wait a minute.
These are the things that
were over in Scotland.
What's the connection?
And it was the same concept.
Where does it come from,
and why is it in Sardinia?
They call this the
Nuragic culture.
And there's not one person
in the whole of Sardinia
that could explain
what Nuragic means.
So what does it mean?
Well, we don't know.
So you have a name that
defines an entire country
and civilization.
And you don't know
what it means?
No?
OK.
So I started looking to local
language, like in Malta,
and found the connection,
traced that back to Armenia.
And I went, oh,
that's interesting.
So the origin of these things
in Sardinia is in Armenia.
And then it's like, again, the
management drops in the picture
and goes, idiot.
Why don't you have
a look at Scotland?
And suddenly, I got a hold
of this Armenian-English
dictionary, the only
one in the country.
And I start looking up words
in Scottish and Gaelic.
And I thought, ah.
Oh, that's interesting.
And before you know it, I
am making friends in Armenia
through Facebook.
And they're really
interesting people too,
historians and archaeologists.
They're saying, yeah, we can
help you with the language.
And they were helping me
with me making up words
from a dictionary.
And I'd send them the words.
And I say, does this
actually mean something?
They said, actually, it does.
It means, la, la, la, la, la.
I said, thank you.
Do you just realize you
just described these temples
in Scotland?
No.
Ah.
So I can't tell you anymore,
because it's kind of exciting.
I never would have figured
that to understand Scotland,
you have to go via
Sardinia into Armenia.
But it gives me a
different understanding
of a very ancient
culture, which is
where, ironically, the
Shining Ones originated from.
>>REGINA: Oh, boy.
This is getting interesting.
>>SILVA: It's like we're
getting back full circle again
to this ancient culture.
And what were they doing up
in that part of the world?
Yeah, they were
regrowing civilization
at a time when the
Gulf Stream was
beginning to warm up
that part of the world
after a big catastrophe.
And that's where the whole
of the agricultural system
of Britain begins.
And it goes towards England and
the whole of Northern Europe.
So again, out of catastrophe, we
get this wonderful flourishing
of help.
>>REGINA: Yes.
In fact, let's finish
up on just one.
Now, we didn't get
to most of this.
But that's OK.
We will.
And we're going to--
you'll come back
in a few months,
and we'll do the
Armenian news story.
But the bubonic plague--
you sent those
notes to me on that.
>>SILVA: I mean, it's
like 400 years ago.
If you're living
in the world, we
had bubonic plague,
which wiped off what?
Half of the human population?
And what did we get out of this?
The Renaissance.
That's not a bad trade-off, OK?
If you forget the whole problem
with death and all of that
and look at human civilization
in a bigger scheme of things,
you know?
Because the moment
you were born,
you're already dying anyway.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>SILVA: You know, the
clock is already ticking.
>>REGINA: It's part of life.
>>SILVA: It's part
of the process.
But yeah, we got
the Renaissance.
And we ended up with this,
where we are right now.
So yeah, even though
things might seem dark,
just focus on the good things.
And that's your foundation for
getting you to where you are
and to overcoming
all these problems.
So you've got to
develop your toolbox.
>>REGINA: That's why I
wanted to do this show.
And not only that, not
only do we become more--
what is it?
Necessity is the mother
of invention, right?
And here we are.
Many people's
lives were changed.
There was personal upheaval
and many new priorities--
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: --greater
understanding.
Some inventiveness
came into our lives
as a result, which I think is--
I love to see that.
It makes me sad when I
hear people just say,
I just want to get back
so the malls are open.
That's like, ah--
>>SILVA: No.
>>REGINA: --you missed
an opportunity here
for a little bit of growth.
>>SILVA: I mean, I've
done four documentaries
and written a book.
But I just didn't sit there
getting fat on television.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SILVA: I actually
got proactive.
I thought, I can't do this.
But I can probably do this.
And suddenly, it's like, oh.
I can become proactive.
So you've got to find your
toolbox and make it positive,
because we're the ones
we're waiting for.
>>REGINA: We are the
ones we're waiting for.
>>SILVA: We have to
help ourselves and be--
>>REGINA: And not
only that-- yes.
I agree.
>>SILVA: --support each other.
>>REGINA: And we have others
helping us too that might just
be--
have a little more knowledge
in certain areas that we
need to develop right now--
>>SILVA: The management.
>>REGINA: --management--
and help us here.
So I agree.
I wanted for you to share
this for that reason.
Freddy, thank you so much.
>>SILVA: Always fun.
>>REGINA: And I'm really looking
forward to our next interview
when the new book is out.
>>SILVA: Oh, it's
going to be juicy.
>>REGINA: Sounds
really exciting.
>>SILVA: It's going to be juicy.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
love the Shining Ones.
I just love following the way
they've moved around the planet
and helped humanity
in so many ways.
And so I want to
learn more about them.
>>SILVA: And they've got a
wicked sense of humor as well.
>>REGINA: Oh.
Well, we'll talk about
that in the next show.
Thank you, Freddy.
>>SILVA: The humor
of the Shining Ones.
>>REGINA: For more of
Freddy's research and books,
and there are a lot of them, you
can go to invisibletemple.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]